dnsdist: add Lua parsers for A, AAAA and CNAME records (#15946)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/reference/dnsparser.rst

  :param str packet: The DNS payload

.. function:: parseARecord(packet, record) -> ComboAddress

  .. versionadded:: 2.1.0

>   Returns the address from the record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if it's qtype is A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returns the address from a record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if the record's type is A.
```

  Nil is returned otherwise.

  :param str packet: The DNS payload.

>   :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse, obtained via :meth:`DNSPacketOverlay:getRecord`.
```

.. function:: parseAAAARecord(packet, record) -> ComboAddress

  .. versionadded:: 2.1.0

>   Returns the address from the record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if it's qtype is AAAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returns the address from a record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if the record's type is AAAA.
```

  Nil is returned otherwise.

  :param str packet: The DNS payload.

>   :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse, obtained via :meth:`DNSPacketOverlay:getRecord`.
```

.. function:: parseAddressRecord(packet, record) -> ComboAddress

  .. versionadded:: 2.1.0

>   Returns the address from the record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if it's qtype is A or AAAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returns the address from a record, as a :ref:`ComboAddress`, if the record's type is A or AAAA.
```

  Nil is returned otherwise.

  :param str packet: The DNS payload.

>   :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse, obtained via :meth:`DNSPacketOverlay:getRecord`.
```

.. function:: parseCNAMERecord(packet, record) -> DNSName

  .. versionadded:: 2.1.0

>   Returns the name from the record, as a :ref:`DNSName`, if it's qtype is CNAME.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returns the name from a record, as a :ref:`DNSName`, if the record's type is CNAME.
```

  Nil is returned otherwise.

  :param str packet: The DNS payload.

>   :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :param DNSRecord record: The record to parse, obtained via :meth:`DNSPacketOverlay:getRecord`.
```
